## displaying uniform star polyhedra

The star.py program draws pictures of, among others, uniform star polyhedra, from the following input data:

- The number of different faces. For instance, for a cube, there is only one kind of face. The other ones can be obtained from it by applying the elements of the symmetry group. For the
truncated tetrahedron, for example, there are two kinds: hexagons and triangles

- For each face: a normal vector

- For each face: a *multiplicity*. This number is needed because all faces are cut into triangles, after which the symmetry group is applied. Now, for instance, a hexagon will be cut into 6
triangles. The symmetry groups, however, do not have 6-fold axes, only 3-fold. For this reason we need to start with two triangles to get a complete hexagon. So, for hexagons, we need
multiplicity 2. The same holds for other star polygons.

- For each face: the symmetry type: 3 for a regular triangle, 4 for a square, etc. And, for instance, 8/3 for an octagram

- For each face: its color, as a 3 byte RGB value

- A vertex. The face normals need to be those of the faces surrounding this vertex. Often, a vertex and corresponding normals can be obtained from the vertex program. Sometimes, one or two
extra axes have to be found

- The symmetry group. These groups are defined in the group.py module

The program works as follows: for each normal one or two triangles are generated using the make_triangle function. For each triangle a number of new triangles is generated by applying the
elements of the symmetry group. The triangle data is written to a PLY file (<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PLY_(file_format)>). The contents of this file are then displayed using open3d, so
the object can be viewed from all sides (open3d allows you to zoom and rotate). A large number of input files have been prepared. Their names can be passed as an argument to the star.py program.
Using these, pictures can be generated of all non-snub uniform star polyhedra. But also, for instance, of the five regular compounds. The naming scheme for the input files is similar to the
one used for the vertex program
